Add PVC docs (#141)
kyma-project/docker-registry: docs/user/technical-reference/resources/06-20-docker-registry-cr.md

| **storage.gcs.rootdirectory**           | string | The root directory tree in which all registry files are stored. Defaults to the empty string (bucket root).       |
| **storage.gcs.chunksize**               | string | This is the chunk size used for uploading large blobs, must be a multiple of 256*1024. Defaults to 5242880.       |
| **storage.btpObjectStore.secretName**   | string | Specifies the name of the Secret that contains data needed to connect to BTP Object Store.                        |

> | **storage.pvc.name** (required)         | string | Specifies the name of the Persistent Volume Claim.                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **storage.pvc.name** (required)         | string | Specifies the name of PersistentVolumeClaim.                                                                |
```
